=Angels and Guards=
=Episode 12=
Mr. Zhang is fishing. Don't approach.
What brings you to me?
My lord.
I have always respected you
as a kind elder.
Keep it down.
Don't scare my fish.
You're
always so restless. Get to the point.
Even if you say the wrong thing,
I won't blame you.
My father's case.
Does it have anything to do
with Lu Guokai?
It seems
you still suspect Guokai.
He altered Diaotu's case file.
Did he...
Did he alter my father's file too?
Was he the one
who smeared my father's name?
Was he the one who framed him?
You have your reasons
for suspecting him.
But allow me to be fair.
Lu Guokai may be harsh and petty,
but he doesn't have a bad heart.
For example,
that day,
he received word
that you were in danger
at Marquis Taiping's manor.
So he used Feng Fuliu as an excuse
to go there and help you.
Think about it.
If Lu Guokai
truly wished to harm others,
he wouldn't have saved you
when he knew you were in danger.
But Lu Guokai
has altered case records before.
If Lu Guokai
is guilty of altering case files,
then every one of us
could be suspected of the same.
Bingfan.
Do you know
that once you enter public service,
you are no longer your own master?
Some things,
for the sake of the greater good,
can't be made public.
Your father
died in the line of duty.
You should stop clinging to this.
But my father wasn't treated fairly.
His sacrifice
only left him with a ruined name.
The mole still has not been found.
Is this what you call the greater good?
Bingfan.
You are
even more stubborn than your father.
(Northern Bureau)
(Spirit Tablet of My Sworn Brother,
Qianhu, Shen Lian)
(Qianhu, Shen Lian)
(Father.)
(Why would Lu Guokai keep)
(my father's spirit tablet
in his secret room?)
(Spirit Tablet of My Sworn Brother,
Qianhu, Shen Lian)
(Treasure Pavilion)
Returning the Azure Dragon Jade.
The imperial Azure Dragon Jade.
Feng Fuliu returned
the Azure Dragon Jade!
I was going to scare you.
What's wrong?
Your face says you are unhappy.
Chang Beiming.
Usually, whose spirit tablet
would you enshrine in your own room?
A spirit tablet?
A close family member.
What if there is no blood relation?
No blood relation?
Then either a sworn friend
or someone you wronged.
Exactly. Guilt.
That's why one would honor him
day and night
to atone for one's guilt.
Whose spirit tablet
are we talking about?
I can't tell you.
You can't?
All right.
Then where did you go last night,
leaving at the second watch
and returning at the third?
How do you know?
I live next door.
Bingfan.
Your father's case
is connected
to Prince Luo's treason case.
I hope you take this step by step
and don't rush.
Otherwise, the truth you find
may not be the one you want.
Why is everyone trying to stop me
from finding the truth?
We are not trying to stop you.
But trying to stir up
the Northern Bureau's muddy waters
all by yourself
will be nearly impossible.
Didn't Zhang Weimin say it?
Start with Leng Xin.
Leng Xin?
Yes.
Start with him
and uncover the truth slowly.
Otherwise,
not only will you
never reach the truth,
but you may
also put your life in danger.
You came to me?
Who exactly are you?
Do you really want to know?
What's wrong, Bingfan?
Nothing.
Go to sleep.
(Is it him?)
(It shouldn't be.)
(Then why does it feel like him
every time?)
(Go with the Flow)
Bingfan.
This is Imperial Physician Xue.
He is a master at treating palpitations
and insomnia.
Thank you for your trouble,
Imperial Physician Xue.
Miss, when
did this illness begin?
When I was fourteen.
After a great tragedy struck my family.
It has lasted until now.
Miss,
would you mind if I use hypnosis
to explore the cause?
Miss.
In your mind,
do you see
a peaceful sea of flowers?
There is a fourteen-year-old girl
in that beautiful sea of flowers,
chasing butterflies.
That's you, Miss Shen.
(Father!)
(Mother!)
(I'll kill you!)
(I'll strangle you!)
I'll kill you!
Help!
Imperial Physician Xue.
Her inner demon is too strong.
It has already wounded her mind.
Her insomnia
can no longer be cured
by ordinary medicine.
Imperial Physician Xue,
please forgive her.
A wounded heart
must heal from within.
To heal her heart,
you must first remove her
inner demon.
Feng Fuliu!
Not everyone with graceful footwork
is Feng Fuliu.
Please apologize to Physician Xue
for me.
He has practiced medicine for decades.
There's no strange illness
he hasn't seen.
He won't take it to heart.
This illness of mine
may never be cured.
This is an illness of the heart.
Once the inner demon is gone,
you will heal without medicine.
Inner demon?
Leng Xin?
Deep down,
are you
terrified of Leng Xin?
Yes.
I'm afraid of him.
I'm afraid I will never defeat him.
That I will never avenge my father.
And I'm even more afraid
he will hurt everyone
who has helped me.
I don't want to drag anyone down.
With so much fear,
how can you take revenge?
I know.
But I'm still afraid.
I faced Diaotu
and Liu Sankong without fear.
But I'm afraid of Leng Xin.
I'm afraid I can't catch him.
I'm afraid he will
keep hurting the people around me.
Sometimes,
I feel so cowardly and weak.
I'm not even
as carefree as Xintian.
Bingfan.
Because of Leng Xin,
you were left with a wound
that won't fade.
But you don't need to be afraid.
You are not fighting alone.
You have everyone, and you have me.
No matter how powerful Leng Xin is,
he is still flesh and blood.
As long as we stand together,
we can defeat him.
Really?
There is truly nothing to fear.
As long as I'm here,
I will never let Leng Xin hurt you.
♪In a fleeting moment♪
♪Whose face crosses my mind♪
♪Whose name is it♪
♪I whisper in my heart♪
♪Yet in the crowd, we brush past♪
♪Only then did I understand fate♪
♪Was hidden in the day we met♪
♪A fate that can't be severed♪
♪Round and round♪
♪Threads of love bind us together♪
♪Afraid love will fade like smoke♪
♪Afraid memories will vanish
like dreams♪
♪This longing I can't say♪
♪I wish you could hear♪
Xintian.
Bingfan.
I was sleeping just fine.
Why did you kick me?
When did I fall asleep last night?
You fell asleep very early.
When I came back from night duty,
you were already asleep.
Was it another dream?
A dream?
What did you dream about, Bingfan?
Nothing.
Why are you on the floor?
You kicked me down here.
Go back to sleep.
Bingfan.
Guan.
What is all this?
I heard you have been
having trouble sleeping.
So I found
a folk remedy for insomnia.
What remedy?
Wine?
Yes.
Wine is the best cure for insomnia.
It has been passed down for ages
and never fails.
A few cups,
and you will sleep straight through
till morning.
It's cheap and effective,
and you can buy it anywhere.
But I never drink.
That's why it works.
If you could hold your liquor,
it wouldn't work.
But I can't
drink every night before bed.
You can try it first.
What if it works?
What if she's addicted to it?
Hua, why would you say that?
Constable Guan, you enjoy wine.
So you should know
that the more one drinks,
the more one can drink.
If Bingfan uses wine as medicine
every night,
in less than three months,
she will be drinking everyone
under the table.
Are you trying to turn Bingfan
into an alcoholic?
No, no.
That's not what I meant.
Bingfan, I really didn't mean that.
I'll find another remedy.
He's cute.
♪Because you once entered my dreams♪
♪Truth and illusion blur in wine♪
♪My heart drifted lost♪
♪Yet found you in the crowd♪
♪My blood still burns
as the world surges♪
♪The land is fair, and you are free♪
♪Sword drawn, lost in obsession♪
♪I've softly let it go♪
♪The vow you made was true♪
♪Yet like clouds, it stops for no one♪
♪Put away those dreamlike words♪
♪And forget at world's end♪
♪Embracing memory♪
♪Through blossoms and dreams♪
♪You hide in the crowd, silent♪
♪I wish to let it pass♪
♪And run toward this vast life♪